README.md, before:

# Asset Manager

A personal portfolio management web application for tracking investments via Interactive Brokers PDF statements.

## Features

- 📄 Parse Interactive Brokers PDF statements
- 💼 Manage multiple IB accounts
- 📊 Aggregate portfolio across all accounts
- 🎯 Compare actual vs target allocation
- ⚖️ Rebalancing suggestions
- 📈 Historical tracking

## Tech Stack

- **Backend**: Node.js, Express, TypeScript, SQLite
- **Frontend**: React, TypeScript, Vite
- **PDF Parsing**: pdf-parse

## Setup

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
cd client && npm install
```

2. Initialize database:
```bash
npm run init:db
```

3. Start development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

The app will be available at `http://localhost:5173` (frontend) and `http://localhost:3001` (backend API).

## Usage

1. **Add Accounts**: Create accounts in the UI
2. **Upload Statements**: Upload PDF statements from Interactive Brokers
3. **Set Targets**: 
   - Upload an Excel file with your target allocations (see [EXCEL_FORMAT.md](./EXCEL_FORMAT.md) for format)
   - Or manually add targets one by one
4. **View Portfolio**: See aggregated holdings across all accounts
5. **Rebalance**: Get suggestions for trades to reach target allocation

## Excel Upload Format

See [EXCEL_FORMAT.md](./EXCEL_FORMAT.md) for detailed instructions on the Excel file format for target allocations.

Commit message:

Add Google OAuth authentication and fix redirect to frontend
- Add dotenv for environment variable loading
- Implement Google OAuth authentication with Passport.js
- Add authentication middleware and routes
- Create Login page component
- Add AuthContext for managing auth state
- Fix OAuth callback redirect to use FRONTEND_URL instead of relative path
- Update navigation with settings dropdown and user info
- Add error handling for missing OAuth credentials

README.md, after:

# Asset Manager

A personal portfolio management web application for tracking investments via Interactive Brokers PDF statements.

## Features

- 📄 Parse Interactive Brokers PDF statements
- 💼 Manage multiple IB accounts
- 📊 Aggregate portfolio across all accounts
- 🎯 Compare actual vs target allocation
- ⚖️ Rebalancing suggestions
- 📈 Historical tracking

## Tech Stack

- **Backend**: Node.js, Express, TypeScript, SQLite
- **Frontend**: React, TypeScript, Vite
- **PDF Parsing**: pdf-parse

## Setup

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
cd client && npm install
```

2. Set up Google OAuth for local development (see [LOCAL_AUTH_SETUP.md](./LOCAL_AUTH_SETUP.md)):
   - Create OAuth credentials in Google Cloud Console
   - Create `.env` file with your credentials
   - See [LOCAL_AUTH_SETUP.md](./LOCAL_AUTH_SETUP.md) for detailed instructions

3. Initialize database:
```bash
npm run init:db
```

4. Start development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

The app will be available at `http://localhost:5173` (frontend) and `http://localhost:3001` (backend API).

**Note**: Authentication is required. You'll be redirected to a login page where you can sign in with Google.

## Usage

1. **Add Accounts**: Create accounts in the UI
2. **Upload Statements**: Upload PDF statements from Interactive Brokers
3. **Set Targets**: 
   - Upload an Excel file with your target allocations (see [EXCEL_FORMAT.md](./EXCEL_FORMAT.md) for format)
   - Or manually add targets one by one
4. **View Portfolio**: See aggregated holdings across all accounts
5. **Rebalance**: Get suggestions for trades to reach target allocation

## Excel Upload Format

See [EXCEL_FORMAT.md](./EXCEL_FORMAT.md) for detailed instructions on the Excel file format for target allocations.
